Still raining out. We had a We had a
pretty crazy storm last night. It come
out of nowhere.
Uh check check this out.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Heading to uh
Headed over to uh to Brooklyn this
morning.
It's the Williamsburg Bridge here.
Going to meet some uh
Going to meet some ridiculous friends
who are [music] doing something
ridiculous in Brooklyn.
>> [music]
>> True story. See these here?
It's quite the tripping hazard. And now
they only stick up like, I don't know,
half an inch, an inch, not a big deal.
Just like a little bump now, but back in
the day, there used to be these like
pretty significant gaps. And when I was
like 25 years old, I was going down the
Williamsburg Bridge right here trying to
ollie every one of those gaps. I'm not a
good enough skateboarder, so I kept
going faster and faster, and eventually
I busted and I broke my uh right
shoulder. True story.
Now I'm in Brooklyn.
Yeah, I can't see.
Do you think there's not a better wave
on the Eastern Seaboard than right here?
>> [music]
>> So, it's a game of patience.
>> Okay.
>> We had some luck earlier. Cut to the
clip.
But,
>> [laughter]
>> time's coming up.
>> [music]
>> I don't know what to say, but there's
something and there's more than we
thought that there would be.
>> So, there's a There's a line in surfing
that goes, "Whoever's having the most
fun
wins. Whoever's the most having the most
fun is the best surfer."
Ben is always having the most fun.
And why I'm such a big fan of Ben Gravy
and his YouTube channel is because
it's not about the act of surfing, it's
about the love for surfing. Ben, how
long have you been YouTubing?
>> I started my vlog, my surfing channel in
2015.
December 25th, 2015, actually.
>> How many videos?
>> I'm at
2,200 videos or something like that.
>> And what What's your why?
>> My why?
>> Yeah.
>> Wow.
Dude, to be honest, I started doing it
uh to keep myself sober, if I'm being
honest with you.
Um to keep myself accountable. And then
I fell in love with it. And now I just
do it because I've it's I wouldn't be
able to do anything else. It's what I
do.
>> [music]
[music]
>> So, that's why he comes out here and
surfs like a zero wave because this is
like a genuinely fun thing to do. It's
about embracing like the fun, the
absurdity of it all more than it is
about being the best surfer. I say that
he is that is a very good surfer.
But this is not this is sub-prime surf
zone here.
>> We came, we saw.
We gave it
a solid half of a day.
>> We gave it an honest crack.
>> So
got a couple waves, stoked about it.
>> Yeah.
>> Question, what does
Interstellar
Inception
and The Dark Knight all have in common?
A hint?
They were all directed by a guy who uses
a flip phone. Look.
No smartphone.
>> No, no I don't have a smartphone.
Um it's getting harder and harder. I
carry a flip phone when I travel.
>> All right, then he asked him
like do you not use a smartphone as a
way of keeping the world from
caving in on you, a way to keep the
world out?
And
>> I mean, I think it's more a thing of I I
haven't let the rest of the world cave
in on me. I'm just living the same way
that we all used to. So
you know, to me it's just life is life
is normal.
>> Christopher Nolan is 55. So normal for
him is like whatever 80s and 90s when we
didn't there were no digital he calls
them
>> I feel very fortunate to not be
uh
wearing the digital shackles.
>> digital shackles
And I look, I hate social media. I love
social media. But I hate social media
lately
because of what it does to your brain,
what it does to my brain, all of our
brains.
>> [music]
>> For this analogy, I'll be using potato
chips.
>> [music]
>> The chips are social media.
Million reasons to dislike social media,
but lately I've been thinking a lot
about the relationship between social
media and creativity. Now, I've been
reading this book and I read this in the
first chapter of the book. When it comes
to entertainment, it feels like more
options should always be better. [music]
Yet, research shows that giving viewers
many videos that they can flip between
actually makes them more bored than if
they simply focus on one.
You find yourself bored um for my potato
chip analogy,
hungry. Instead of reaching for
something meaningful, like a book or a
movie or uh uh music or going for a
walk, you
reach for social media or in my analogy,
potato chips.
So, now instead of doing something of
substance to fill your time, you're just
on social media. Instead of eating a
meal to address your hunger, you're just
eating potato chips.
All right, while you're eating them,
they taste great. While you're flipping
through social media, it feels good. But
[music] then you stop after you've
killed the bag or you get that warning
on Tik Tok that's like, "You need a
break. You've been watching Tik Tok for
3 straight hours." You put the chips
down, you put the social media down. But
when you put that social media down,
instead of feeling I don't know,
inspired or motivated or just being
thoughtful or having a clear mind, it's
polluted with all of this noise, all of
this nothingness. You put the bag of
chips down, you don't feel full, you
just feel sick.
Sick.
I always look at people like Christopher
Nolan or or or any other super prolific
person, especially people in the
creative space, and I say, "How are they
so focused?" And like a A ago I decided
to do two things. I got rid of all
social media off my phone. I I have it
on like an iPad somewhere, but I got rid
of social media
and I started making more videos. For
me, the focus went from like staring at
a screen with brain scramble all day to
just kind of focusing on like let me
make one thing. Even little things like
I have a new rule, don't look at social
media in bed at night before I fall
asleep, instead watch a movie. I fall
asleep faster and I fall asleep like
thinking about whatever I was watching
instead of like that brain numb that
happens after an hour of scrolling where
you're like, I have to put this away and
then you
All of this just to say that in my
lifelong pursuit of like being able to
focus, when I see someone that I admire
as much as a Christopher Nolan
and sees divorced himself from all
technology, I'm very jealous of that and
it makes me think I need to work harder
at trying to put some distance between
me and like the king of all
distractions,
social media.
Max, do you do you get distracted by
social media?
>> Yes, I do.
>> Want some potato chips?
>> No, I don't.